**SOUL MACHINES – CONFIDENTIAL SOURCE CODE LICENSE AGREEMENT**

1. **DEFINED TERMS.**&quot; **Software**&quot; means the source code and related documentation provided herein. &quot; **Modifications**&quot; means any modifications made to the Software by Licensee. **&quot;Licensor&quot;** shall mean Soul Machines Limited. **&quot;Licensee&quot;** Shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License.
2. **LICENSE.** Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, without right of sublicense, to internally use, modify, and reproduce the Software and Modifications solely for instructional use.
3. **RESTRICTIONS****.** Licensee must not sell, lease, license, sublicense, distribute, or otherwise allow any third parties to use the Software or Modifications. Licensee will notify Licensor of any breach of this Agreement or the breach of Licensee&#39;s security under conditions in which it would appear that the Software or Modifications was prejudiced or exposed to loss. Upon the request of Licensor, Licensee will take all reasonable steps to recover any Software or Modifications that are disclosed, stolen, or otherwise compromised.
4. **OWNERSHIP.** The Software and Modifications are licensed, not sold, by Licensor to Licensee. Licensor owns and retains all right, title, and interest, including all intellectual property rights, in and to the Software and Modifications. Except for those rights expressly granted in this Agreement, no other rights are granted, either express or implied, to Licensee.
5. **CONFIDENTIALITY.** By accepting the Software and Modifications, Licensee acknowledges that Licensee will have access to Licensor&#39;s information that is confidential, and not generally known to the public. In order to protect these trade secrets and the proprietary know-how contained in the Software, Modifications, and Licensor&#39;s data format, Licensee will maintain the confidentiality of and not disclose to any third party all non-public information disclosed by Licensor to Licensee under this Agreement, and the Software, Modifications, and Licensor&#39;s data format, and all information obtained through Licensee&#39;s use of the Software, Modifications, and Licensor&#39;s data format.
6. **WARRANTY DISCLAIMER.** THE SOFTWARE AND MODIFICATIONS ARE PROVIDED &quot;AS IS.&quot; LICENSOR DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE OR MODIFICATIONS WILL OPERATE WITHOUT ERROR OR INTERRUPTION. LICENSOR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, QUALITY, ACCURACY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
7. **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.** THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF LICENSOR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED $500. IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR HAVE LIABILITY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSE­QUEN­TIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THESE DAMAGES. THESE LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY NOT­WITH­STANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY IN THIS AGREEMENT.
8. **TERMINATION****.** This Agreement will automatically terminate without notice if Licensee breaches any provision of this Agreement. Licensor may terminate this Agreement with or without cause by providing Licensee notice. Upon the termination of this Agreement, Licensee will (a) discontinue all use of the Software and Modifications, (b) uninstall the Software and Modifications from its systems, (c) destroy or return to Licensor all copies of the Software, Modifications, and any other materials provided by Licensor to Licensee, and (d) promptly provide Licensor with written confirmation of Licensee&#39;s compliance with these provisions. Sections 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9 will survive termination of this Agreement.
9. **MISCELLANEOUS****.** This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without reference to conflict of law principles. All disputes arising out of or related to it, will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in San Francisco County, California, and the parties agree and submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of these courts. Licensee will not assign this Agreement, directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Licensor.

**Confidential**